[LOW RUMBLING]
[GAIA THEME MUSIC]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are talking about disclosure
with Randy Cramer.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you for
having me, Emery.
Good to be here.
>> So the topic of disclosure
is a very complex one,
because there's so many
different stories going on out
there.
And many people
have beat up a lot
of the old stories of
conspiracy and disclosure,
making all sorts of predictions.
So do you have any
insights on disclosure
that you can share
that might be new
that we could share
with the audience.
>> Oh yeah, absolutely.
So I would first give a
brief outline and explanation
to people that if anyone just
goes to their internet browser
and starts looking
up new stories
in the media about UFOs, or
about sightings, or about
asteroid mining, or things
like this of nature,
you're going to find stories
that people are talking about.
So you have these
Navy pilots who
have been cleared by the Navy
to start talking about events.
The Navy has requested
that former pilots
who have had
experiences, that they
want them to file in the
new reporting system,
because they want to
document all of these events
for a records release, right?
They don't want to just document
them for their own sake.
They don't need to do
it for their own sake.
They're doing it to collate
a stack of information
that then they can release and
spend some time talking about.
So there's definitely
lots happening,
no question about that.
>> Are they manipulating
some of that video and some
of the information coming
to us through the media.
That is, for instance,
a lot of people
are saying that the military
videos of the craft shooting by
is blurred a little bit.
They're not showing
it just right.
So there's still like--
for me, it makes it
look like, well, yeah,
OK, we're going to disclose
and make you happy,
but we're only going to
disclose what we want.
And even though
they're saying they're
going to do this with the Navy,
and all the pilots are always
free to come forward,
do you actually
believe that they're
going to allow
the pilots to come
completely forward
and us get the real information?
>> I think we're going
to get most of it.
I think it's always speculative.
When someone says,
oh, we're going
to get 100% of the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth,
I usually say, probably not.
>> But why cover
up that 20%, 30%?
>> Mostly to cover people's
asses who have made mistakes
and made bad decisions, who
don't want to end up with
a noose around their neck
for having made a very, very,
very bad call.
So some of it's just
self-protection, and some of it
is still the notion that people
are ready for some information,
but there's still some people
who aren't ready for all of it.
So it's decided based on social
psychological demographics
that a slightly reduced amount
of truthful information,
it's slightly, not
completely, slightly,
is more digestible to a larger
percentage of the population
than the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing
but the truth would be.
>> And who analyzes that to
allow us to hear the truth?
>> A number of DOD and
military intelligence analyst
specialists whose job are to
take the raw data, analyze it,
process it into a
disseminatable information,
and then release it.
And so, to your point about
the videos being potentially
blurred, there was actually
in the Nimitz event,
one of the radar operators
who stated quite clearly said,
look, I've seen better
resolution images
of those shots than
what they've released.
So He certainly
admitted that there
are high-def, high-resolution
images that they have, but, no,
they're not showing those right
now because they still want
a little bit of gray
area to maneuver in.
They don't-- they're not ready
to shock people with this is
absolutely happening
right now no matter what.
It's more of that, if
you're ready to listen,
and you're ready to believe,
then you'll catch on to it.
But if you're still
in the denial phase,
then there's
plausible deniability.
You can say that's too blurry.
That doesn't prove anything
So for the people who are not
ready to accept, then they
can just deny the information
because it's blurry.
>> Is the government leaving
out some of this particular
information so they can come
back later and say, oh, well,
by the way, yes?
>> Absolutely.
They certainly are
planning ahead.
>> They seem to have
a history of that.
>> Yeah, they're definitely
planning ahead and have
a notion of controlling
the narrative over time
by releasing certain
information in a timed way.
Yeah, absolutely.
>> So that's why these special
access projects now are
formulating kind of a storyline
behind what's happening,
and maybe that's a
good sign for us,
because it's closer and
closer to more disclosure.
>> Absolutely.
They wouldn't be doing that
if they weren't prepping
for a moment when
they're going to have
some point and some time to
have a public statement in which
they're going to want to
have all of that prepped.
They don't want to
have a public statement
and have people go, oh
my God, I'm so shocked,
I didn't see that coming.
They want to make
a public statement
and have the majority of
people go, Oh, yeah, I
knew that was going to happen.
>> Where is that going now?
Do you think there's anything,
on that agenda that's
negative that they're
trying to prepare us for?
>> Disclosure will go one of two
ways, predominantly two ways.
Not saying there aren't any
third options on this table,
but predominately we're
talking about two options.
Plan A is take me
to your leader.
Plan B is, invasion,
hoax invasion.
So there's a lot of discussion
about what the better plan is,
what has more loose ends,
what's more controllable,
what's more likely to
get out of control.
Those are the conversations
that are being had by--
>> Who's in charge of that?
>> The way my brigadier
general explained it to me,
and the way I explained
it to other people is,
imagine there is a giant table.
And at that table,
everyone who's important
gets to have a seat.
And that includes
executive personnel
from a number of
state governments,
certain legislative personnel,
military intelligence
personnel, corporate and
banking personnel who are in--
have the both the need
to know and the need
to be able to dictate how
some of this is going to go.
Because if you're going
to have a disclosure plan,
you need to have all of
those people cooperating.
The last thing you
want is a major player
to go against what
everyone else is doing,
and have a press
conference, and start
offering an alternative
narrative that messes
with the overall narrative.
So at this large table,
where all of these people
are sitting, there
is a conversation,
and there are briefing
packets that are handed around
to these people.
And there's discussions.
If we do it this way, here
are the positives, here
the negatives.
If we do it this way, here
are the positives, here
the negatives.
And then, everyone gets to sit
around and complain and debate
about their own
personal self-interest
and whether it's
being answered to,
or whether it's on the table
to be a benefit for them,
or whether it's just going
to benefit everybody else.
So then, the devil
is in the details
in getting all of
those people to agree.
And when everyone
agrees on something,
then we will move
a plan forward,
whichever that's going to be.
>> Yeah, through my experience,
it's been very rare that they
all do agree.
And usually the majority
will take over that scenario.
And I can see this also,
playing devil's advocate,
by sharing these
videos from the Navy
and the Air Force to people
is also maybe preparing them
for another agenda,
where they could
create a negative environment
somewhere to make money off of.
>> Sure.
>> I mean, what do
you think about that?
>> All of these
things are possible.
What it comes down to is, do
I, we, trust the administration
of these projects
because the people who
were in charge of
them are good people,
or can we speculate
that it's likely to go
19 different bad directions
because the people who
are in charge have no
ethical and moral center.
That's a difficult place for me
to convince a civilian what is
or what isn't,
because I can assert
to someone this is
what's happening,
this is what we know.
But being able to prove that
is a whole other matter.
So with rank and
security clearance,
I feel like I have
access to information
that I don't need to ask
too many questions about.
I don't need to debate
whether it's accurate or not.
I feel pretty convinced,
based on the communication
with the chain of command at
United States Marine Corps
Special Section and
our intelligence
officers that I'm being
given accurate information.
So it's easy for me to
say, I trust these people.
But I can absolutely
understand people saying, well,
I don't know.
Should we trust these people?
So while I respect that
and I understand that,
I just have to assert that
some of these programs,
some of these disclosure
ideas that we were talking
about rolling out 10, 20
years ago were being managed
by people who were far less
trustworthy than the people who
are managing them now.
>> What do you
think about the SSP?
What's there-- they've going
to have a lot of information,
a lot of technology, a
lot of eyes in the sky.
Are they going to
work with disclosure
to get anything out, you think?
>> I would strongly suggest that
they are the tip of the spear
on disclosure.
And if there is a
single force that
is moving this
farther and harder,
faster forward
than anybody else,
it is covert military's
space program personnel.
>> And they will report to who?
>> Um?
>> The president?
>> No.
They don't report
to the president.
They report to a
committee who is made up
of civilian personnel,
corporate personnel,
military intelligence personnel.
Yeah, again, there's
a committee of folks
that make a lot of
these policy decisions.
>> And since this has
been in the media,
this SSP is now you're
seeing the tip of the spear,
why is that, because they're
going to see it first,
they're going to be able to
report on it first to this
group?
>> So there's probably 20
reasons why covert military
space program personnel would
want to think that disclosure
is a necessity.
Probably about 20 reasons.
I would suggest
that the number one
reason is personnel shortfalls.
There are not enough bodies
to fill the jobs that we have
right now, and the
job projections
that we're going to need to fill
over the next 5 to 10 years.
So if we continue
things the way that we
have, which is classified
covert recruitment,
classified covert borrowing
or stealing of people
to get them into the program,
if we continue to do that,
we're never going to be able
to put bodies in boots at jobs
that we need them at.
So in order to meet the
personnel shortfalls,
there has to be open enlistment.
And the only way we can
have open enlistment,
is if we have disclosure.
So, again, while there's
maybe 20 reasons, including
socioeconomic environmental
potential disasters that
have to be mitigated, I
would suggest the strongest
self-motivating reason for
the covert military space
program is projections
of how many bodies
they're going to need in jobs,
and the only way that they
can fill those jobs, which
is with open enlistment.
>> Are they going to let us
know about these secret space
stations we're building?
Are they going to let people
know about how we're sending
people to other planets?
>> Again, I would suggest
that it's unlikely we'll get
the whole truth and nothing
but the truth period.
It's more likely that
we're going to get
a percentage of the truth.
Let's, all fingers crossed, hope
that that's a larger percentage
than a smaller percentage.
But I would also
suggest that recruitment
is going to be a multifaceted,
multi-targeted area.
You're going to specifically
target poster campaigns,
commercial campaigns,
TV ad campaigns,
internet ad campaigns to
focus on certain people.
I just caught an ad on
television the other day
that was for Army recruitment,
but it was specific.
It was basically pitching
towards medical professionals,
like doctors and nurses, and
how if they feel like they're
driven to have a mission then
they should join the military,
and become an officer, and be
a medical doctor, nurse staff.
So that's a very specific
targeting as opposed
to, hey, join the
infantry, carry a gun,
beat up terrorists.
So those are targeted.
And I would suggest any future
recruitment programs will also
be targeted based on need.
So major tech universities
will be plastered
with posters for engineers, and
software techs, and computer
specialists, and blue
collar communities
will be filled with
posters to try and recruit
infantry soldiers, and it will
be targeted towards groups
and the need, based
on what we're after,
which is, again, bodies
to fill boots to fill jobs
so that we can continue to
progress along the planned
that we want to progress,
which is to continue develop
this program, to make it
bigger, and bigger, and bigger,
and bigger.
And I understand people may not
understand the reason for that.
The main reason for that is,
we have this ever expanding
idea of safety, security,
prosperity, and stability.
And we realize that the only
way we can guarantee that
is with an expansion of
territorial boundaries
in which we have
military effect.
The larger we can expand that
boundary the more stability,
we can create in this
corner of the galaxy
and in this corner
of the universe.
And our goal is to create
larger and larger and larger
pockets of stability around us.
>> What about all the
secret tech that we're aware
of the SSP has, and the
AI, too, that they have?
Is there any way
that can be merged
with our current civilization
while it's happening?
>> Absolutely.
Absolutely.
The question really just
remains, how much, how fast,
over how long?
Those are the,
again, the devil's
in the details on
those questions.
And I don't think that's
above my pay grade
to be able to answer that.
But, definitely.
We need those technologies.
The civilian world needs
those technologies.
The economy of the world
has imbalances in it
that if we don't
fix when it comes
to gas and oil, medical
technology, information
technology, combat
technology, I mean,
those are things that
if we don't change them
the outcome will suck
for everybody, right?
We can look it on
paper and go, oh,
if we don't change
this 5, 10 years out,
this is really going to be bad.
So it's a matter
that these things
have to happen so that those
other disastrous things
that we're looking at
down the road don't occur.
But the question of
how fast, how much,
how soon, over what
time, good question.
I would suggest that
free energy technology
is going to be one of the
first things that comes along.
Advanced aeronautical
technology is
going to be one of the first
things that come along.
Our advanced body armor
exo-suits, plasma rifles,
rail guns, those are all
going to things that are
going to be to come out first.
And then, we're going to need
better medical technology
to treat the wounded.
And so, the old
school stuff that we
have is not going to work.
We're going to need to
bring in the new stuff.
And those are things
that the public might not
hear about first.
The military may be using it
to repair damaged body parts
and not tell the civilian
world about that right away.
It may be after the
end of a conflict
and they're like, oh, by
the way, the reason why
know we had such a
low casualty rates
is because every time someone
would lose a limb we could just
grow it right back and send
them back into the field three
days later.
>> So NASA has come out.
They've been talking about
this microscopic life in bits
and pieces that they're
finding on Jupiter's moons,
Saturn moons, also
in the atmosphere
of these planets from plumes and
volcanoes have been exploding.
But they're only
given little tidbits.
When are they going to actually
come out and say, hey, we
have found life, because
you and I both know it's not
just bacteria that's out there.
>> Right.
Well, and let's not forget
that they found microorganisms
and bacteria growing on the
outside of the International
Space Station.
So not only are we talking about
the discovery and discussion
of life on moons
and other worlds,
they've admitted that there's
biological life in space.
>> It's everywhere.
>> Just floating around.
>> It's like the ocean.
>> Yeah, there's nowhere else
that those bacteria could have
come from except
floating through space.
And they found
something to attach
to that they could
use as a food source,
and survive in the
solar winds, and
in those extreme temperatures in
hundreds of degrees Fahrenheit,
and hundreds of degrees
below zero, I mean,
the fact that we know that
these lifeforms can survive
in these extreme conditions mean
that there's a lot out there.
But to simply answer
your question,
the protocols have been gradual,
gradual, gradual, gradual,
gradual until it's not.
So what we're going
to see is we're
going to continue to see this
gradual progression until we
have a major event.
Now, when we have
a major event, that
leaves an opportunity to
accelerate that information
and go from gradual, gradual,
gradual to big chunk,
big chunk, big chunk.
>> Is that an event that
we are going to cause,
or is that a unplanned
event of a visitation?
>> Generically, that could
be any event that brings us
to disclosure.
But I would suggest that
those events are the ones
that we're more
focused on controlling
than could happen randomly.
We feel that it's more
tactically and strategically
sound to control that
narrative than to allow
it to control itself.
>> Do you have any specific
intel that you can share with
us about those programs
or about that agenda?
>> I, again, normally
like to avoid timelines.
But my brigadier has
said, that it's OK for me
to suggest to people that
we should see something
significant that we've never
seen before on a level that
reaches more people
than we've ever seen it
before in the next
6 to 24 months.
>> Will it be brought through
the media and the government,
or is it going to be a worldwide
event that you just cannot
deny?
>> It should be a worldwide
event that no one can deny.
>> So anyone with a cell phone
could be out there recording
this and we're all going
to share it together.
And then, what's the
government's plan
right from then, because
now they have to answer.
Are they just
going to say, well,
we've been collecting
microscopic organisms in space
so this doesn't
surprise us that there's
an extraterrestrial here?
>> Like a lot of ways that
the media handles responses
to things, there are
often stages of responses.
So you sometimes can get
a first stage response
that when the second stage
response comes along,
it slightly corrects
or contradicts
the first stage information.
And then, the third stage will
slightly correct or discredit
the second stage so that by the
time you get five stages out,
it doesn't matter what
they said the first time.
They've walked people through
1, 2, 3, 4, 5 to that point.
So it's really just about
getting to here no matter
how you have to get there.
So I would suggest
that the first story
may be like, oh my gosh,
we're so surprised.
And then, the second
they're, oh, we're
now talking to an
Air Force Colonel
who says this is what
we've been working on.
And then, oh, now we're
talking to a NASA official who
says this is what
we've been working on,
and, oh, now, we've got another
guy from somewhere else who's
telling us this story.
So it will be a
progressive narrative
that will get closer
and closer to the truth
as they move it along.
>> And the other
big question I have,
is how is the religious
part of the planet,
the spiritual part
of the planet,
and the political part of the
planet going to handle the day
after disclosure?
>> Yeah, that's part of the
question that we are examining
for sure.
>> Who's going to balance
all of this mayhem?
>> That's a good question.
I would suggest that
there is a plan for that.
There are a-- that there
is Plan A, there's Plan B,
and there's contingencies.
So depending on
exactly what happens
will depend on which
page we flip to
and say, oh, this is Plan B.
This happened, this happened,
that puts us at
this contingency.
Now, we do this.
>> Because we're talking about
7.5 billion people almost here
on the planet, that they're
going to get a lot of tents set
up know outside of every city.
One for the religious
community saying,
why did you lie to
me this entire life?
The scientific community is
going to have to answer that.
And the history of
where we came from
is going to-- they're
going to have to answer.
There's a lot of
people I believe
they're going to
be really confused
and maybe not even accept it.
And what will happen then?
>> For sure, yeah, for sure.
So, first of all, let's
address the notion
that there's one narrative
and one explanation
that everyone's going
to have to absorb.
That won't be the case.
Social psychological
demographics
are broken apart in such a
way that each chain of data
that feeds those social
psychological demographics
will be a narrative that
that group can accept.
And then, again, over time, you
go from stage 1, to stage 2,
to stage 3, to stage 4, to stage
5 that the initial stage is
more of a, it's
OK, we're not going
to contradict your beliefs, but
there's something happening.
And that gets people
to accept something
without feeling like their
beliefs are being threatened.
If you presented to
them in such a way
that you're not
threatening those beliefs,
you're telling them,
OK, this is happening.
And if you want to believe
or define this a certain way,
go ahead.
That's fine for now.
That's phase 1.
When we get 2, 3, or 4, those
narratives will start to shift.
What we see on paper,
anyway, is that over time
more and more chunks of
these social psychological
demographics will just come
to a place of acceptance.
It looks like somewhere
between 14 and 90 days,
and you will have about
85% of the population that
will come to acceptance.
That this is just where we are.
This is what's happening.
They may complain about it.
They may whine about it.
They may have all kinds
of issues with it,
but they'll still be in
basic acceptance of it.
It's that 15% that is a concern.
But we feel that the more
you get of that 85% on board
with a narrative, it will
force a lot of that 15%
to simply adapt or stand
against the entire rest
of the 85%, which is not
going to go well for anybody.
So how it actually
works out, I'm
going to be just as surprised
as anybody else is because I can
see on paper how it's
supposed to turn out,
what the contingencies are.
But like I said, we
won't really know
what's going to happen
until it happens.
But I would suggest that
there is a plan for that.
There's a notion for
how people are going
to get through that acceptance.
And you're going to tell
25 different narratives,
if necessary, to get
everybody to swallow the truth
pill in such a way that they
can not vomit it back up.
And then, again, once we're
past that 90 day mark,
well, then people would
just be habituated, right?
It won't matter what they
believed before that.
They'll be habituated to,
this is just the way it is.
>> This is what's happening now.
>> This is the world
we live in now.
This is-- every time I
go outside and look up
there's more spaceships.
I mean, that's just
going to be a thing.
And at some point,
it normalizes.
And so, once we get
to normalization,
most of that 15% will bitch, and
moan, and complain, and curse,
and swear, but they won't
do much of anything.
>> What's the currency issue
going to look like then?
>> It's going to be a little
chaotic while we readjust
the economic sort of
state of the world.
And I know some
people are not going
to like this when I say
this, but we're moving
towards a single currency.
We're moving towards a
single economic system.
And I will again
suggest to people
that the most
successful civilizations
in the galaxy that we
know of became successful
the minute they decided
to unify their currency
and unify their global system,
because a planet with 85
little microsystems is way more
chaotic and way less productive
than a planet with a
singular economic system.
That singular economic
system will actually
be good for everybody.
>> More food, more water,
more housing, more everything.
>> More access to resources
and the elimination of poverty.
And let me point out, the
elimination of poverty
is one of the most
important things
that we could do, because
by eliminating poverty
within the first
year crime drops 75%.
And within three to five
years, overall crime
will drop upwards of 90% or 95%
because the majority of people
who commit petty
crimes are doing
so because they have
economic needs that are not
being fulfilled.
If people had their
economic needs fulfilled,
they would not be needing to
turn to other petty criminals
to engage in petty
criminal activity,
and to engage in that
criminal structure.
You would simply have
more people would say,
you know what, I
don't need to do that.
I don't need to participate
in your scam, or your gang
activity, or your mob
activity, because I'm actually
OK taking care of my
wife and kids without it.
So the elimination of poverty,
the elimination of crime
go hand in hand.
And when you are able
to do those two things,
is when the consciousness of
an entire planet will shift.
Because the 90% of suffering
happens in poverty,
and if we want to eliminate
the consciousness of suffering,
we have to eliminate poverty.
And when we eliminate poverty,
we start to eliminate crime.
We eliminate the
consciousness of suffering.
And when those things are no
longer a part of the equation
are when we truly get the
opportunity to emotionally,
socially and spiritually evolve.
>> I agree with that
completely, Randy.
I see a huge change
coming when this comes,
and it is going to be a little
chaotic at the beginning.
But it's going to smooth out.
I do have some concerns
sometimes when--
because of what has happened
in the past of meeting
with extraterrestrials
privately, certain people,
sharing technologies
that we don't really
get to benefit until
100 years later.
>> Right
>> Do you think that
might happen again?
Will it repeat
itself, the history?
>> Again, I would suggest based
on the people who seem to be
at the reins of this horse,
that's not as likely as it was
before.
So it is my belief
that the people
who are in charge of
this at the moment
are way better at having
an ethical, moral center,
and concerned about outcomes
for everyone than they
are their own bank accounts
than the people who
are in charge 20 years ago.
>> Do you think disclosure
will you know elevate
consciousness-- the
consciousness of the collective
here on the planet?
Do you think will become
more accepting of each other
as well?
Will it bring us together?
>> Well, I think the important
thing to point out there is
what we believe is going to
happen immediately after,
let's call it the conflict
and/or disruptive phase, right?
That when that is over, then the
exchange programs get to begin.
And I don't get to talk about
this very often, because we
don't usually think it's
part of the conversation,
but the exchange
programs are what's
going to change the world.
And the exchange
programs are a number
of academic
extraterrestrials who
will come here to share
their information,
but more importantly, millions
of terrestrial citizens
will be chosen to go
on four or five year
trips to other worlds,
learn about that culture,
learn about their society,
learn about their civilization,
learn about their
technology, and then
do the equivalent of writing
master theses on the subject,
and books on the subject,
and then come back.
So once those exchange
programs start,
a clock is going to tick.
And then, when four
or five years goes by,
millions of terrestrial
citizens will come back
from this journey with
millions of stories, millions
of research documents,
millions of books
on all of these other worlds.
At that point, there
is no way to calculate
what the influence of all
of that information will be,
but I would suggest it will
change consciousness and change
the viewpoints of the largest
portions of civilization
on this planet in a way that
we have never seen before,
and that can not be anticipated
what the impacts of that
will be, but I would think
that the impacts will
be more positive than negative.
>> Oh, wonderful.
Well, Randy, thank you.
It's been so interesting.
Thanks for being on the show.
>> Oh, my pleasure.
Thank you so much for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure".
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]